Everyone knows it. A few months ago
The Shen Group illegally misappropriated funds for investment
Already bankrupt
What about such an unscrupulous company? I, Xiao Mouxiu, am associated with it.
Therefore, we specially arranged the collateral of Shen Group
As the first keyboard best seller today
No. An introduction to President Shen’s services.
So isn’t his CEO also from the Shen family? It’s really lacking.
What's really sad is that even the wedding ring was ripped open and sold.
I heard that the Xiao Group was built on the corpses of the Shen Group.
Xiao Jianshan is going to completely build and sell his old club.
This thing from the bankrupt group
There is a threat if I buy it
What the hell are you doing? No, there's something wrong with you.
What the hell are you doing?
I didn't mess with you
Get rid of those two embarrassing traps.
It's all your fault for the two of you to go away.
This diamond ring
didn't stop
Become a monk at will
Not a single one
This is a sure thing about the inspection of newly built buildings.
One hundred and fifty thousand and fifty
This wind is forty